add section on setting the XC-20 precompile bytecode (#808)
moonbeam-foundation/moonbeam-docs: builders/interoperability/xcm/xc-registration/assets.md

Reviewer: Line 166 title should be Programmatically

Author: good catch! 🎣  thanks!

If you need DEV tokens (the native token for Moonbase Alpha) to use your XC-20 asset, you can get some from the [Moonbase Alpha Faucet](/builders/get-started/networks/moonbase/#moonbase-alpha-faucet){target=_blank}, which dispenses {{ networks.moonbase.website_faucet_amount }} every 24 hours. If you need more, feel free to reach out to the team on [Telegram](https://t.me/Moonbeam_Official){target=_blank} or [Discord](https://discord.gg/PfpUATX){target=_blank}.

### Set XC-20 Precompile Bytecode {: #set-bytecode }

> Once your XC-20 has been registered on Moonbeam, you can set the XC-20's precompile bytecode. This is necessary because precompiles are implemented inside the Moonbeam runtime and, by default, do not have bytecode. In Solidity, when a contract is called, there are often checks that require the contract bytecode to be non-empty. So, setting the bytecode bypasses these checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your XC-20 has been registered on Moonbeam, you can set the XC-20's precompile bytecode. This is necessary because precompiles are implemented inside the Moonbeam runtime and, by default, do not have bytecode. In Solidity, when a contract is called, there are checks that require the contract bytecode to be non-empty. So, setting the bytecode as a placeholder bypasses these checks and allows the precompile to be called.
```
